grep -i "AC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AQ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BJ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DJ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "EC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "EE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "EG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ER$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ES$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ET$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "EU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FJ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GQ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ID$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IQ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ME$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ML$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MQ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "OM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "QA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SJ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ST$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TJ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "UA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "UG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "UK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "US$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "UY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "UZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "YE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "YT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ZA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ZM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ZW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AAA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ABB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ABC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ACO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ADS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AEG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AFL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AIG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ANZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AOL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "APP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ART$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AWS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AXA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BAR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BBC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BBT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BCG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BCN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BET$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BID$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BIO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BIZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BMS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BMW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BOM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BOO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BOT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BOX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BUY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BZH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CAB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CAL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CAM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CAR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CAT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CBA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CBN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CBS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CEB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CEO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CFA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CFD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "COM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CPA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CRS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CSC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DAD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DAY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DDS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DEV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DHL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DIY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DNP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DOG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DOT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DTV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DVR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "EAT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ECO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "EDU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ESQ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "EUS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FAN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FIT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FLY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FOO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FOX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FRL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FTR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FUN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FYI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GAL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GAP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GAY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GDN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GEA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GLE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GMO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GMX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GOO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GOP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GOT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GOV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HBO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HIV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HKT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HOT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HOW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IBM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ICE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ICU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IFM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "INC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ING$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "INK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "INT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IST$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ITV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JCB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JCP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JIO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JLL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JMP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JNJ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JOT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JOY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KFH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KIA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KIM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KPN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KRD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LAT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LAW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LDS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LLC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LLP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LOL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LPL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LTD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MAN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MAP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MBA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MED$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MEN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MIL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MIT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MLB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MLS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MMA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MOE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MOI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MOM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MOV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MSD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MTN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MTR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NAB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NBA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NEC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NET$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NEW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NFL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NGO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NHK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NOW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NRA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NRW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NTT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NYC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "OBI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "OFF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ONE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ONG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ONL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "OOO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ORG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "OTT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "OVH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PAY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PET$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PHD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PID$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PIN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PNC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PRO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PRU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PUB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PWC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "QVC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RED$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "REN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RIL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RIO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RIP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RUN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RWE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SAP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SAS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SBI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SBS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SCA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SCB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SES$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SEW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SEX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SFR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SKI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SKY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SOY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SRL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "STC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TAB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TAX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TCI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TDK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TEL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "THD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TJX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TOP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TRV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TUI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TVS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "UBS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "UNO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "UOL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "UPS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VET$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VIG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VIN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VIP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WED$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WIN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WME$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WOW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WTC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WTF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "XIN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "XXX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "XYZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "YOU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "YUN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ZIP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AARP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ABLE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ADAC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AERO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AKDN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ALLY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AMEX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ARAB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ARMY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ARPA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ARTE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ASDA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ASIA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AUDI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "AUTO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BABY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BAND$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BANK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BBVA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BEER$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BEST$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BIKE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BING$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BLOG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BLUE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BOFA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BOND$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BOOK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "BUZZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CAFE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CALL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CAMP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CARE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CARS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CASA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CASE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CASH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CBRE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CERN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CHAT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CITI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CITY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CLUB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "COOL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "COOP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "CYOU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DATA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DATE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DCLK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DEAL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DELL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DESI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DIET$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DISH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DOCS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DUCK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "DVAG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ERNI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FAGE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FAIL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FANS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FARM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FAST$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FIAT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FIDO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FILM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FIRE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FISH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FLIR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FOOD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FORD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FREE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "FUND$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GAME$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GBIZ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GENT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GGEE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GIFT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GMBH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GOLD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GOLF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GOOG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GUGE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "GURU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HAIR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HAUS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HDFC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HELP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HERE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HGTV$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HOST$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "HSBC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ICBC$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IEEE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IMDB$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "IMMO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "INFO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ITAU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JAVA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JEEP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JOBS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "JPRS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KDDI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KIWI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KPMG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "KRED$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LAND$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LEGO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LGBT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LIDL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LIFE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LIKE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LIMO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LINK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LIVE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LOAN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LOFT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LOVE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LTDA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "LUXE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MAIF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MEET$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MEME$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MENU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MINI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MINT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MOBI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MODA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "MOTO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NAME$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NAVY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NEWS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NEXT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NICO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "NIKE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "OLLO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "OPEN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PAGE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PARS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PCCW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PICS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PING$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PINK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PLAY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PLUS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "POHL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PORN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "POST$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PROD$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "PROF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "QPON$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RAID$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "READ$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "REIT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RENT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "REST$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RICH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RMIT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ROOM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RSVP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "RUHR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SAFE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SALE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SARL$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SAVE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SAXO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SCOT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SEAT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SEEK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SEXY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SHAW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SHIA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SHOP$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SHOW$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SILK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SINA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SITE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SKIN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SNCF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SOHU$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SONG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SONY$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SPOT$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "STAR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "SURF$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TALK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TAXI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TEAM$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TECH$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TEVA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TIAA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TIPS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TOWN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TOYS$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "TUBE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VANA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VISA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VIVA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VIVO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VOTE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "VOTO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WANG$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WEIR$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WIEN$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WIKI$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WINE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "WORK$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "XBOX$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "YOGA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ZARA$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ZERO$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
grep -i "ZONE$" /usr/share/dict/american-english
